GraphQL: Add File & LogInWith (#702)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/graphql/users.md

Note that, when the user logs in, Parse Server generates a new `sessionToken` for future operations.

> ## 3rd Party Auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3rd Party Authentication
```

> You can log in a user via a 3rd party auth system (Custom, Facebook, Twitter, etc...) with the `logInWith` mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can log in a user via a [3rd party authentication](https://docs.parseplatform.org/parse-server/guide/#supported-3rd-party-authentications) system (Facebook, Twitter, Apple and many more) with the `logInWith` mutation.
```

> For more information about the use of authData: [AuthData Guide](https://docs.parseplatform.org/parse-server/guide/#supported-3rd-party-authentications)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
